ACTON IV
Bluetooth home speaker with spacious, room-to-room sound
Product details
Colour

Black

4 payments of $82.50 at 0% interest with Klarna Check purchase power

Free Delivery

1-3 Business Days

Returns, warranty & payment


ACTON IV
Black
$ 329.99

ACTON IV
Bluetooth home speaker with spacious, room-to-room sound
Product details
Colour

Black

4 payments of $82.50 at 0% interest with Klarna Check purchase power

Free Delivery

1-3 Business Days

Returns, warranty & payment


ACTON IV
Black
$ 329.99

Wide soundstage
Improved tweeters and waveguides help spread your favourite music across larger area of the room. Enhanced stereo separation creates more expansive listening sessions, bringing you closer to the music you love.

A person in a red cardigan sits indoors with Acton IV Black speaker in the background.
Enhanced bass
Hit play and let the whole room feel the bass. A redesigned bass port creates a cleaner and more powerful bass with tighter sound at higher volumes. It's also easier to place the speaker flush against walls.

A man with orange sweater and glasses sits in a room with shelves and Marshall Acton IV Black speaker.
Top side view of Marshall Acton IV Black speaker with gold control knobs.
Dynamic loudness
When listening habits can change from day to day, Acton IV's tonal balance is adapted to ensure your music sounds incredible at every volume. Enjoy a consistent, clear, and composed sound you can rely on.

A person sits near a washing machine, folding red laundry, with Acton IV Black speaker on a shelf in the background.

Multi-speaker connectivity
Say goodbye to endless pairing. With built-in Auracast™ technology, Acton IV can easily be a part of an expanded home listening set-up. Simply connect to Heddon and play your music in sync across several speakers.

A collage of photos featuring Marshall Acton IV speaker.
Close-up of a control panel of Acton IV Black speaker.
Customisable M-button
Of course the fourth edition of Acton had to feature the M-button. Instantly adjust the sound to match your listening needs or dive straight into your favourite music via Spotify Tap. All it takes is one press.

A person adjusts the knob on Acton IV Cream speaker placed on a black shelf next to decorative items.
Take a closer look

See the benefits of our in-house acoustic team's refinements and redesign and how they benefit your home listening experience.

Product Details


Details
Acton IV's room-filling stereo sound has evolved thanks to its improved components and redesigned bass port. Built-in Auracast™ technology lets you seamlessly integrate this speaker into a multi-speaker set-up. With its classic and timeless look, you know it's Marshall.

Acton IV is compatible with Heddon. Discover more about our music streaming hub here.

Designed and engineered in Sweden. Made in Thailand.

Features
Tech Specs - Icon - Wide soundstage
Wide soundstage: Improved tweeters and waveguides disperse your sound across a bigger area

Tech Specs - Icon - Powerfull bass
Enhanced bass: A redesigned bass port offers cleaner, more powerful bass with tighter sounds at higher volumes

Tech Specs - Icon - Dynamic Loudness
Dynamic loudness: Get a consistent and balanced sound you can rely on at whichever volume you listen

Tech Specs - Icon - Multi-speaker connectivity
Multi-speaker connectivity: Hear your music play in sync across several Auracast™ devices throughout your home

Tech Specs - Icon - Customisable M-button
Customisable M-button: One press gets you directly to your playlist or adjusts your sound settings

Tech Specs - Icon - Tactile controls
Tactile controls: Heritage amp-inspired knobs intuitively get your sound to where you need it to be

Tech Specs - Icon - Analogue inputs
Analogue Inputs: Connect other audio devices including your record player using the AUX and RCA inputs 

Tech Specs - Icon - Marshall app
Marshall app: Use EQ settings and room calibration to tailor Acton IV's actions and sound to fit your space 

AUDIO SPECIFICATION
Driver Type
Dynamic
Frequency range
37–38,000 Hz
Drivers
One 4 inches Woofer
Two 0.75 inch Tweeters with waveguides
Stereo/mono
Stereo
Maximum sound pressure level
95 dB SPL @ 1 m
Cabinet principle
Bass-reflex
POWER AMPLIFIERS
One 60 Watt Class D Amplifier for the Woofer
Two 25 watt class D amplifiers for the tweeters
CONTROLS AND CONNECTIVITY
Wireless connectivity
Bluetooth 5.3
Auracast™
Wired connectivity
AUX 3.5 mm
Bluetooth range
10m / 32.8ft
Top panel controls
Bass 
Treble 
Volume 
Power switch 
Media jog 
M-button 
Source button
Microphone system
No
Codecs
SBC, AAC (MPEG-2), LDAC, LC3
Bluetooth Multipoint Connectivity
Yes
Top view of Acton IV controls.
PHYSICAL UNIT
Weight
2.65 kg / 5.84 lb
Width
171mm / 6.73"
Height
150mm / 5.91"
Depth
260mm / 10.24"
Colorways
Black
Cream
Repairability
Yes
Country of origin
Designed and engineered in Sweden. Made in Thailand.
Front view of Acton IV Black.
Top view of Acton IV Black.
Back view of Acton IV Black.
POWER
MAINS INPUT VOLTAGE
100–240 V
INCLUDED IN THE BOX
Box Contents
Acton IV speaker
Mains lead
Quick start guide
Legal and safety information
Front view of the Acton IV Black packaging.
Back view of the Acton IV Black packaging.
Acton IV Black box contents.
COMPATIBLE APPS
Apps
Marshall app
Support & more information